---
form_id: "SF-055"
submitted_at: "2025-06-25"
submitted_by: "Abhisek Sharma"
email: "abhisek.sharma@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Godrej Capital"
feature_name: "Panel Awards"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Abhisek Sharma"
department: "R&R Sales"
priority: "1.
Meeting the client tomorrow in their office so would need to provide solutions or workarounds on the queries."
go_live_requirement: "No"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-06-25"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #55 - Godrej Capital
**Date:** 2025-06-25  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Client Requirements

## Brief
Client requires details on the process of Panel Awards.

## Problem Description
They have their Value Champion Award. They have shared the below points to understand what all can be automated in the paltform-

Nomination Received from all employees (say- 1000)
One person (Admin) from Recognition team to clean and shortlist top 100 nominations to be shared with panel.
Panel of 3 leaders to give ranking or scores. Basis the combined score top 20 nominations go for final winner list for the HR approval.
HR Team to review and approve these top 20 winner names for org wide announcement, certificates & points allotment to winners.

## Solution Given
Nomination Received from all employees (say- 1000): 
We can also allow self-nomination.

One person (Admin) from Recognition team to clean and shortlist top 100 nominations to be shared with panel.
The award configuration should include a Reviewer. We can not restrict the number of shortlists. The reviewer has to keep track of approved nominations from their historical records.

Panel of 3 leaders to give ranking or scores. Basis the combined score top 20 nominations go for final winner list for the HR approval.
Panel Awards can either have voting or rating system in the Panel Vote stage. But all the entries are forwarded to the Winner Selector once the voting/rating process is over. 
We are awaiting confirmation from tech on the sorting (highest to lowest score) for the top 20 nominations.

HR Team to review and approve these top 20 winner names for org wide announcement, certificates & points allotment to winners.
One member from the HR Team can be appointed as the Winner Selector, who can then announce the top 20 winners based on the combined score.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 2000
- **Billing:** Mumbai, India
- **Subscription Cost:** 500000
- **Rewards Budget:** 6000000
- **Feature:** Panel Awards
- **VC SPOC:** Abhisek Sharma
