---
form_id: "SF-146"
submitted_at: "2025-10-06"
submitted_by: "Simanta Adhikary"
email: "simanta.adhikary@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Opella"
feature_name: "UI customisation"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Simanta"
department: "Implementation"
priority: "For larger organizations, this enhancement addresses the challenge where multiple employees within the same department, but located in different countries, may not be familiar with one another. By mapping the “My Team” view to the Reporting Manager hierarchy, users will be able to see and interact with team members they directly work with and recognize their contributions more meaningfully."
go_live_requirement: "Yes"
go_live_date: "2025-10-22"
closed_on: "2025-10-07"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #146 - Opella
**Date:** 2025-10-06  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Request to customise "My Team" that appears for any recognition (monetary, non-monetary and greet) activity.

## Brief
Request to customise "My Team" that appears for any recognition (monetary, non-monetary and greet) activity.

## Problem Description
The client Opella has requested a customization for the "My Team" section that appears during any recognition activity—including monetary, non‑monetary, and greet recognitions. This requirement involves modifying how the "My Team" list is displayed or configured within the recognition workflow.

The objective is to ensure that the "My Team" view better aligns with the client’s organizational structure, wherein they have requested that an user should see all other users who report to the same RM instead of a department-based view, which is currently being used.

## Solution Given
We’ve confirmed with the Tech team that the "My Team" feature can be adjusted to show Peers and/or Reportees, and this has already been done for a few other clients(1545, 1604).
You can raise a ticket for Arindam to implement this change.
Please note that proper RM (Reporting Manager) mappings must be in place in the employee details table for the Tech Ops team to implement the update.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 110000
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** Not shared as of yet
- **Rewards Budget:** EUR 120,000 quarterly
- **Feature:** UI customisation
- **VC SPOC:** Simanta
