---
form_id: "SF-109"
submitted_at: "2025-08-18"
submitted_by: "Himank Gupta"
email: "himank.gupta@vantagecircle.com"
client: "TCS"
feature_name: "Multiple redemption in cart"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Abhisek Sharma Himank Gupta"
department: "Merchandise Sales"
priority: "Top priority as we are making inroads for RnR for India basis this program"
go_live_requirement: "Yes"
go_live_date: "2025-08-29"
closed_on: "2025-09-18"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #109 - TCS
**Date:** 2025-08-18  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Customisation requirement for TCS AI Hackathon

## Brief
Customization for redemption of multiple award items for a Hackathon contest as per total reward for the given category

## Problem Description
This is regarding TCS, for which we have already shared a catalogue of Tech products, Gift Cards, and Experiences. The client intends to activate these options selectively across different budget ranges.

They are conducting a global AI Hackathon with multiple award categories, each having its own budget. Winners of the progressive stages will be awarded rewards that they can redeem from the overall catalogue, within the budget assigned to their category.

For example, there are 4–5 different categories, with budgets ranging from ₹500 up to ₹1,50,000. While the full catalogue will remain common, access to products will be enabled based on the respective price range of each category.

## Solution Given
As per our understanding, TCS is looking for a curated catalog for the winners of the Hackathon.

We have discussed with the concerned teams, and this primarily looks feasible. The following steps outline the user journey as per the feasibility of our system:
Winner List Sharing:
After each stage of the contest, TCS will share a list of winners along with the corresponding reward points to be credited.
User Notification & Access:
Winners will receive an email containing a registration link (since the redemption platform is exclusive to winners). Upon registration/login, users will gain access to the rewards portal.
Exclusive Catalog Access:
Users will be able to view the entire catalog of gift cards and merchandise, which is specially curated and exclusive to TCS.
Note: This catalog will be fully visible to all winners, regardless of the stage they won in, the category of the award, or the number of points they’ve received.
Redemption Based on Points Balance:
Users can freely browse the catalog and redeem rewards based on their available points balance.

Client going live.

## Remarks
Handed over to implementation

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 6,00,000+
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** TBD
- **Rewards Budget:** TBD
- **Feature:** Multiple redemption in cart
- **VC SPOC:** Abhisek Sharma Himank Gupta
