---
form_id: "SF-124"
submitted_at: "2025-09-04"
submitted_by: "Nabab Sharif"
email: "nabab.sharif@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Bosch RBIN"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
department: "PACE"
priority: "this has been going on for a few onths now and the requirement seems to be pretty valid as the managers get confused."
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-09-05"
dev_sprint: "Deployed"
ticket: "Link"
---

# Solution Request #124 - Bosch RBIN
**Date:** 2025-09-04  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Request for Change in Budget Visibility – Bosch Group.

## Brief
We have a request from the Bosch group of companies who are live with us.

Currently, in the feed, the “Available Budget” timeline feature for managers defaults to a quarterly view. 

However, Bosch would prefer a yearly view, as managers are allocated budgets for the entire year and have the flexibility to decide how they want to spend it. Since their budget utilization is not evenly distributed across quarters, dividing it uniformly into four quarters is not practical.

## Problem Description
We have a request from the Bosch group of companies, who are live with us.

Currently, in the feed, the “Available Budget” timeline feature for managers defaults to a quarterly view. 

However, Bosch would prefer a yearly view, as managers are allocated budgets for the entire year and have the flexibility to decide how they want to spend it. Since their budget utilization is not evenly distributed across quarters, dividing it uniformly into four quarters is not practical.

## Solution Given
I have confirmed this with Tech, and we can display the yearly budget instead of quarterly. 

Once the client confirms, please share the company ID so we can proceed with the change.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 3800
- **Billing:** Bangalore
- **Subscription Cost:** 12pepm
- **Rewards Budget:** 1cr
- **Feature:** Budget Visibility
- **VC SPOC:** Nabab
