---
form_id: "SF-177"
submitted_at: "2025-12-02"
submitted_by: "Nitika Anand"
email: "nitika.anand@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Wipro"
feature_name: "NA"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "High Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Nitika"
department: "PACE"
priority: "Urgent"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2026-02-20"
dev_sprint: "Deployed"
ticket: "Link1"
---

# Solution Request #177 - Wipro
**Date:** 2025-12-02  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** High Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 180177 Wipro-Harman

## Brief
Client acquired another organization with 5k to 6k employees and they want a separate ecosystem to be created for those employees. Want to replicate all policy of winner circle.

## Problem Description
Client acquired another organization with 5k to 6k employees and they want a separate ecosystem to be created for those employees. Want to replicate all policy of winner circle.

## Solution Given
From our conversation earlier and your reply, I understand that:

Harman employee data will be shared with us through CSV files until it is incorporated into the HRIS in June 2026.
Until that time, they will continue to use their Harman employee IDs and Harman email IDs.
 
Based on these, the optimal solution as discussed with Tech is outlined below:

1. Onboarding Feasibility

Harman employees can be added to the existing Wipro platform only if:
Harman employee IDs and Wipro employee IDs are unique and do not overlap,
There must be no possibility of future overlap with Wipro employee IDs.
Eg: If Indu's employee id is 23456, there cannot be an employee named Mahesh at Harman who has employee id 23456. They can, although prefix or post, fix something to the id to maintain uniqueness. So the employee details shared with us for CSV upload should can have for Mahesh the employee id to be HM23456.

Employee registration emails have to be customized and stopped for Wipro employees. 
2. Login & Authentication

Harman employees: Password-based login
Wipro employees: Continue using SSO
Both authentication methods can coexist on the same platform, which means another customization on the login page need to be done for accommodating this.
3. If Employee IDs Remain Unchanged After June 2026

Only the email IDs need to be updated from Harman → Wipro.
Award history and all user activity will remain intact.
No account merge is required.
4. If Employee IDs Also Change After June 2026

In this scenario, users would lose their award history and would have to start with new accounts because changing the employee ID creates a completely new account in the system.
To retain history, we would need to manually merge the old account with the new one.
Manual merges can be done for a small number of employees, but not for 5,000–6,000 users, as the process is slow and prone to errors.
Because of this, preserving award history at scale will not be possible if employee IDs change

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 2.5 lac
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** NA
- **Rewards Budget:** NA
- **Feature:** NA
- **VC SPOC:** Nitika
