---
form_id: "SF-123"
submitted_at: "2025-09-03"
submitted_by: "Kamalika Phukan"
email: "kamalika.phukan@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Edelman Financial engines"
feature_name: "RnR"
status: "To Product Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Nilimpa"
vc_spoc: "Kamalika"
department: "PACE"
priority: "Medium, as of now we want to know the feasibility and if its high level customization"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-09-04"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #123 - Edelman Financial engines
**Date:** 2025-09-03  |  **Status:** To Product Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 130123::Request to Include “All” Option in Upcoming Milestone Tab

## Brief
Edelman has requested to include an “All” option in the upcoming milestone tab, in addition to the existing 1 year, 2 year, 3 year, and so on. Their concern is that, at times, certain years don’t have any anniversaries, and it becomes difficult for them to check department-wise without filtering each year one by one.

By having an “All” option, they would be able to view all anniversaries across departments in a single filter, which I feel is a valid ask.

Please let me know your thoughts on this.

## Problem Description
Edelman has requested to include an “All” option in the upcoming milestone tab, in addition to the existing 1 year, 2 year, 3 year, and so on. Their concern is that, at times, certain years don’t have any anniversaries, and it becomes difficult for them to check department-wise without filtering each year one by one.

By having an “All” option, they would be able to view all anniversaries across departments in a single filter, which I feel is a valid ask.

Please let me know your thoughts on this.

## Solution Given
Based on our understanding, Edelman has requested the addition of an “All” filter option in the Upcoming Milestones tab—alongside the existing filters for 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, etc.
This request is currently part of the product team’s roadmap. @Armaan Siddique,could you please assist by sharing further details on this?

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 2000
- **Billing:** US
- **Subscription Cost:** 1.37
- **Rewards Budget:** 60000
- **Feature:** RnR
- **VC SPOC:** Kamalika
