---
form_id: "SF-246"
submitted_at: "2026-05-05"
submitted_by: "Saurabh Deshpande"
email: "saurabh.deshpande@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Les Lab Servier"
status: "Unknown"
complexity: "Not Set"
solution_spoc: "Nilimpa"
department: ""
priority: "High priority. While it is a small client, being in UAE, we are treating it as a strategic account. We just signed off on their program design (after a lot of to and fro over 3 months) and implementation needs to kick off soon."
go_live_requirement: "Yes"
go_live_date: "2026-10-01"
closed_on: ""
dev_sprint: ""
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #246 - Les Lab Servier
**Date:** 2026-05-05  |  **Status:** Unknown  |  **Complexity:** Not Set

## Brief
Replace multiple country wallets with single wallet for assigned budget holders

## Problem Description
For Les Lab Servier (new client in ME), they have ~150 employees across UAE, Saudi, Bahrain etc. and total R&R budget is just AED 57k (USD 15k). There are 11 assigned budget holders who will be using the budget for boosting nominations. Note that all nominations are zero value, so Boost is how monetary value is added to worthy nominations. As such, the total budget being allocated among 11 budget holders for Boost is just AED 20,000 whereas the value of each Boost will be AED 250. Hence, some budget holders are getting budgets as small as AED 500, AED 1,000 etc. 
While the bulk of the team is based in UAE, some budget holders will have 1-3 team members in Saudi, Bahrain etc. If we have separate country wallets for each of these cases, the budget loaded onto these country wallets will be too small to even allow a Boost.
Hence, we want to see if there is any workaround for the requirement of separate wallets for each country.
Attaching the detailed program design as FYI

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 165
- **Billing:** UAE
- **Subscription Cost:** AED 21.6k
- **Rewards Budget:** AED 50k
- **Feature:** Wallet
- **VC SPOC:** Saurabh Deshpande
