---
form_id: "SF-142"
submitted_at: "2025-09-26"
submitted_by: "Simanta Adhikary"
email: "simanta.adhikary@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Opella"
feature_name: "Customisation"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Nilimpa"
vc_spoc: "Simanta Adhikary"
department: "Implementation"
priority: "High priority, as it is hig revenue generating client"
go_live_requirement: "Yes"
go_live_date: "2025-10-15"
closed_on: "2025-09-26"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #142 - Opella
**Date:** 2025-09-26  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Request for Suggestions on the Client Opella's Requirement – Default Visibility and Consent Settings

## Brief
Default Visibility and Consent Settings

## Problem Description
The key requirement is as follows:

Visibility: Can we configure postings so that the default setting is “Private”?

Consent and Approval: Can we make it the default that consent and approval are required before any recognition is published to the feed, instead of individuals having to activate this option within their profiles?

## Solution Given
With reference to the earlier email, we’ve conducted additional checks and identified a workaround that can be suggested to the client.
If an award is created with the visibility set to "Private", then each time a user goes to the feed to give that specific award, the default visibility will appear as "Private".
To validate this, I tested a use case in the UAT environment:
While creating the award, I set the visibility to Private. When accessing the feed to appreciate an employee using this award, the visibility was automatically set to Private by default.
However, please note that in this scenario, the other visibility options (Shared and Public) will not be available during the recognition process. The visibility remains fixed as Private for that specific award.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 11000
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** Not mentioned in MSA
- **Rewards Budget:** Approximately EUR 200,000 per quarter
- **Feature:** Customisation
- **VC SPOC:** Simanta Adhikary
