---
form_id: "SF-260"
submitted_at: "2026-05-19"
submitted_by: "Priyakshi Hazarika"
email: "priyakshi.hazarika@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Wasael Property Management"
feature_name: "Quota configuration"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Not Set"
solution_spoc: "Kongkana"
vc_spoc: "Nitika & Priyakshi"
department: ""
priority: "Priority: Medium

Justification:
The client has a business requirement where a single HOD manages multiple projects and needs the ability to approve separate quotas for each project under the Shining Star award. Enabling multiple quota assignments or project-wise quota mapping would help streamline the approval process, reduce administrative overhead, and better align the platform with the client’s organizational structure."
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: ""
dev_sprint: ""
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #260 - Wasael Property Management
**Date:** 2026-05-19  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Not Set

## Subject
Solution Request : 260260 : Wasael <> Project Wise Quota Configuration

## Brief
Requirement for project-wise quota allocation or multiple quota assignment for a single HOD in the Shining Star award workflow.

## Problem Description
The client requires flexibility in quota allocation for HODs managing multiple projects. Currently, for Shining Star award the quota is configured to be allocated as 1 quota per month to the HODs, which limits a single HOD to a fixed quota assignment.

In this case, one HOD oversees three different projects and needs to approve three nominations, one for each project. So the client is requesting to check if we can enable project-wise quota allocation.

## Solution Given
Create a separate Shining Star award for each project, with each award having its own dedicated monthly quota of 1. All ten awards will use different HOD as the approver except three awards which will use the same HOD as approver.
Since quotas are maintained per approver per quota configuration, creating three separate quota configurations provides the HOD with three independent approval balances. As a result, approving a nomination for Project A will not affect the quotas for Projects B or C.
Important: Each project award must have its own unique quota configuration. Multiple awards must not share the same quota configuration, as this would combine their balances into a single shared pool and remove the required segregation.
Once the activity is done, disable the quota and disable the award. If required for different projects in ad-hoc basis, create new award and allocate the quota accordingly to the HOD.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 630
- **Billing:** UAE
- **Subscription Cost:** AED 7 per emp per month
- **Rewards Budget:** NA
- **Feature:** Quota configuration
- **VC SPOC:** Nitika & Priyakshi
