---
form_id: "SF-189"
submitted_at: "2025-12-29"
submitted_by: "Ankit Mehta"
email: "ankit.mehta@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Kotak Mahindra Bank"
status: "Open"
complexity: "Not Set"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
department: "PACE"
priority: "Need to make the app live. Very high priority item."
go_live_requirement: "Yes"
go_live_date: "2026-01-01"
closed_on: ""
dev_sprint: "Taken in-progress"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #189 - Kotak Mahindra Bank
**Date:** 2025-12-29  |  **Status:** Open  |  **Complexity:** Not Set

## Subject
Solution Request 192189 Kotak Mahindra Bank Mobile App Activation

## Brief
OTP for mobile APP login for Kotak

## Problem Description
Employees get OTP on mobile when logging into the mobile app, instead of only the email OTP sent currently. In Kotak, 50,000 employees are on the street & cannot access email (it is not mandatory for them to check email). As employees can check email only if they are on the office IP so they cannot access email OTP to login. Additionally, when these employees are onboarded for Monetary award Mobile OTP will be required again to redeem the points.

## Solution Given
Our understanding: Kotak intends to enable OTP-based login for its mobile app. While SSO is already in place, approximately 50,000 field employees do not have access to corporate email on their mobile devices. Since email access is restricted to office IP, these employees are unable to receive email-based OTPs, preventing them from logging in.
To address this, OTPs should be delivered via SMS to the employee’s registered mobile number instead of email. 
Additionally, in the near future, the “View Code” functionality will also need to be supported through SMS delivery.

@Subhendu Gogoi, @Kinshuk Kashyap, and @Dhurba Baishya , could you please confirm your availability tomorrow after 11:30 am or after lunch before 4:00 pm to discuss and finalize the approach on this?

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 88000
- **Billing:** 0
- **Subscription Cost:** 0
- **Rewards Budget:** 0
- **Feature:** Mobile otp
- **VC SPOC:** Ankit Mehta
