---
form_id: "SF-106"
submitted_at: "2025-08-14"
submitted_by: "Kamalika Phukan"
email: "kamalika.phukan@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Edelman"
feature_name: "RnR"
status: "To Product Closed"
complexity: "Medium Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Nilimpa"
vc_spoc: "Kamalika"
department: "PACE"
priority: "High priority, as the reporting is required for billing and tracking purposes. Currently, the client is pulling different reports from multiple sources to get the information they need."
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-08-20"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #106 - Edelman
**Date:** 2025-08-14  |  **Status:** To Product Closed  |  **Complexity:** Medium Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 113106::Request for Feasibility Check – Department-Specific Automated Report for Edelman

## Brief
A monthly automated report for Edelman

## Problem Description
The client would like to set up a new automated report to be sent once a month to a selected group of employees, containing only the information for their respective departments. For example, Employee X would receive a report with data specific to their department.

The client will provide the list of recipients with their departments, but for now, they would like to confirm feasibility and request test reports for the HR and IT departments. Attached the report format.

## Solution Given
HR Admin Access to Department-Specific Reports via Dashboard:
This functionality is already available in the dashboard . HR admins can be assigned to specific departments, allowing them to view reports exclusively for those departments through the dashboard.
Role-Based Access for Reports:
This feature is currently in the product roadmap and under development. It aims to enable admins to have access limited to specific reports, ensuring they can only view the reports assigned to them on the dashboard.
@Armaan Siddique – Could you please provide more details and share the target completion date?
Restricted Role for Report Access Only:
A dedicated role can be created where users will have permission only to view and download reports—without access to any other areas of the admin dashboard. @Armaan Siddique Can you confirm if this requirement is also being addressed as part of the ongoing enhancement?

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 2000
- **Billing:** US
- **Subscription Cost:** 1.375
- **Rewards Budget:** 70000
- **Feature:** RnR
- **VC SPOC:** Kamalika
