---
form_id: "SF-099"
submitted_at: "2025-08-07"
submitted_by: "Kadambini Sarma"
email: "kadambini.sarma@vantagecircle.com"
client: "ICICI Lombard"
feature_name: "NA"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Kadambini Sarma"
department: "Implementation"
priority: "High priority as client is Live with Phase 1 and going live with Phase 2 and 3 in coming weeks"
go_live_requirement: "Yes"
go_live_date: "2025-08-11"
closed_on: "2025-08-07"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #99 - ICICI Lombard
**Date:** 2025-08-07  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 10699 ICICI Reminder Emails and Nomination Edit Rights

## Brief
1. Repeat nomination alert (repeat nomination in 1 month)– Can we have repeat nomination alert for Nominator / approver 
2. Allow edits to approver – Approver should be able to edit the narration before approve & publish this is ensure award descriptions are correct.

## Problem Description
1. If nominator have not nominated or approver have not approved for one award, is it possible to set alert for one month and repeat that alert. Approval reminder email and nomination reminder email is what they are referring to and duration to repeat the same is 1 month. 
2. Editing the recognition message/business justification by approver before approving a award

## Solution Given
We have certain email reminders in the system:

A budget summary email, sent to Budget Holders twice a month, i.e., the second and fourth Thursdays of every month.
Please note that if the Nominators hold the budget, then this email can be enabled for the client else for Nominators, who may not have budget, the email is planned in the roadmap.
Has the client perhaps shared what information they want in this particular email? FYI @Shasanka Sharma.

A pending approval email, sent to approvers every Tuesday if they have pending nominations older than 5 days but not more than 27 days.

The approver can not edit the recognition message or the business justification. (They can edit the award amount if they hold the budget)
If the Approver wishes, they can decline the nomination and mention the reason for declining. The nominator can then re-initiate the award and make the edits in the nomination as required.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 15000
- **Billing:** Mumbai
- **Subscription Cost:** INR 9,00,000
- **Rewards Budget:** Total budget not mentioned
- **Feature:** NA
- **VC SPOC:** Kadambini Sarma
