---
form_id: "SF-120"
submitted_at: "2025-09-01"
submitted_by: "Rithik Chowdhury"
email: "rithik.chowdhury@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Mercer"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Nilimpa"
department: "R&R Sales"
priority: "High Priority (Ongoing RFP)"
go_live_requirement: "No"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-09-02"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #120 - Mercer
**Date:** 2025-09-01  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 127120::Assistance Required with Mercer RFP Questions

## Brief
Need answer of some RFP questions

## Problem Description
Sending the questions over mail as their are multiple questions

## Solution Given
* What data validation or quality assurance processes are in place?
Hi@Kongkona Das ,could you kidnly support Rithik on this?

* How intuitive is the reporting interface for non-technical users?
The reporting interface has been purpose-built for accessibility and ease of use, especially for non-technical users such as HR professionals, people managers, and business stakeholders. It prioritizes clarity, simplicity, and actionability, which supports widespread adoption across the enterprise.

* Beyond reporting, does the platform offer predictive analytics or AI-driven insights to proactively improve recognition strategies?
Currently, our system does not offer AI-driven insights. However, we provide dashboard-level insights and manager-specific analytics that enable detailed analysis of reward and recognition. AI-driven insights are part of the recognition team's roadmap and are planned for inclusion in future releases to further enhance data-driven decision-making.

* How does the reporting system integrate with other data sources (e.g., HRIS, payroll, finance systems) to ensure comprehensive and accurate insights?
VC system does not integrate with Payroll or Accounts systems but we can integrate with HRIS platforms via API integration to sync employee data from client database to VC database. The same will reflect in our reporting system e.g. Active Employee reports in the admin dashboard.

* Please describe any useful custom reports available to different audiences.
We offer a range of standard reports tailored to support various recognition and reward scenarios. Some of the key reports include:
Employee Points Report
Appreciation Report
Budget Allocation Report
Budget Transfer Report
Points Redemption Report, among others.
In addition to these, we also provide a reporting API that clients can leverage to build custom reports and dashboards using their preferred data visualization tools such as Power BI, Tableau, and others.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 22000
- **Billing:** US
- **Subscription Cost:** NA
- **Rewards Budget:** NA
- **Feature:** NA
- **VC SPOC:** Rithik Chowdhury
