---
form_id: "SF-054"
submitted_at: "2025-06-23"
submitted_by: "Vijayendra Borthakur"
email: "vijayendra.borthakur@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Antara Senior CAre"
feature_name: "Static Location info"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Medium Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Bhargav"
vc_spoc: "Vijayendra Borthakur"
department: "Implementation"
priority: "High"
go_live_requirement: "Yes"
go_live_date: "2025-06-03"
closed_on: "2025-06-27"
dev_sprint: "Deployed"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #54 - Antara Senior CAre
**Date:** 2025-06-23  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Medium Complexity

## Subject
Location Update Behavior in City API

## Brief
When the location field is set as static in the 'My Profile' section, there is still another dropdown that allows users to change it as needed. Ideally, once a field is marked as static, there should be no alternate way for users to modify the same information.

## Problem Description
When the location field is made static (non-editable) in the 'My Profile' section for all users on the platform, there is still another dropdown option available that allows users to select their location. When a user selects a location from this dropdown, it also updates the static location field accordingly.
We want to ensure that certain employee details, which we receive through data integration, remain non-editable by users.

## Solution Given
We’ve identified a scenario where the "Current Location" field below the 'My Profile' dropdown is calling the City API, and updates made here are overriding the Current City field in the 'My Profile' section, which should ideally be non editable for companies as per their configuration.
To ensure flexibility while maintaining data consistency, we propose adding a configurable flag in the City API that supports two use cases:
Restrictive Mode: When the location is fixed via client configuration, updates through the "Current Location" (outside 'My Profile') should be blocked.
Flexible Mode: When the location is editable within 'My Profile', the same should be reflected or configurable via the "Current Location" selector outside the profile section.
This will help us manage different client requirements and ensure alignment between displayed and editable fields.

@Subhendu Gogoi @Kongkona Das -  Requesting your inputs in case there are any existing constraints, dependencies, or considerations we should be mindful of while implementing this approach.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 1000
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 271000
- **Rewards Budget:** 100000
- **Feature:** Static Location info
- **VC SPOC:** Vijayendra Borthakur
