---
form_id: "SF-021"
submitted_at: "2025-05-06"
submitted_by: "Himadri Nath"
email: "himadri.nath@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Sinyar"
status: "Rejected"
complexity: "Medium Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Pankaj, Hemanga"
department: "Implementation"
priority: "High"
go_live_requirement: "Yes"
go_live_date: "2025-06-10"
closed_on: ""
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #21 - Sinyar
**Date:** 2025-05-06  |  **Status:** Rejected  |  **Complexity:** Medium Complexity

## Subject
Sinyar (UAE) – User Access and Communication Options

## Brief
Is it feasible to send all Platform notifications to the users without email IDs over text message or WhatsApp? The client is based out of UAE.

## Problem Description
To summarise, Sinyar has a population with no corporate email ID. They consider these as Nonfunctional mail IDs": Email exchange not activated.

We have proposed using a "Personal email ID" for this group of people

Employee ID (employee code) will be the primary identifier

SSO and HRIS will be in phase 2 and currently for Go Live they will use Login via Employee ID and password (which will be sent to personal email id)

Below are the questions which @Parshi has responded. Kindly let us know if this is good to go.


we would like to understand the applications flexibility &/or support for the scenario where Users have nonfunctional mail IDs(They do have EMP ID) & can be enabled /On boarded onto the application?
 

--> VC team will enable public email domain and Sinyar team to share the public email ids for the users who don't have corporate email id.

 

2.If they can be Onboarded onto the application, how will the user receive the User ID & Password? --> Credentials will be shared to their registered personal email id.

 

3. Can such users access the application via web browser & VC Mobile App?  --> Yes

 

4. Will they get the Rewards/Awards Process related alerts/notifications? --> Yes (Sent to personal email id)

 

5. Will there be any communication GAPS for such users? If YES, could you give us an example for a better understanding. --> No


Requirement - Is it feasible to send notifications to the users without email IDs over text message or WhatsApp? The client is based out of UAE.

## Solution Given
For users who do not have email IDs, we will register them using the format: noemail_employeeid@sinyaruae.com. These users will be able to log in using a common password (e.g., "welcome"), which HR will needs to communicate to each user individually.

Once logged in, users can change their password using the chat support functionality available on the platform.

User will be able to access the notifications on mobile app and the gift card redemption details as well.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 630
- **Billing:** UAE (AED)
- **Subscription Cost:** 52920
- **Rewards Budget:** 0
- **Feature:** Trigger Platform Notification via Whatsapp or Phone Number for ROW clients (UAE)
- **VC SPOC:** Parshi (Implementation), Asif (Sales)
