---
form_id: "SF-080"
submitted_at: "2025-07-28"
submitted_by: "Ankit Mehta"
email: "ankit.mehta@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Tata Motors"
feature_name: "o"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "High Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Ankit Mehta, Nashreen"
department: "PACE"
priority: "This will be required to be live by the end of September"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-09-18"
dev_sprint: "Deployed"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #80 - Tata Motors
**Date:** 2025-07-28  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** High Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 8680 Tata Motors Demerger: Certificates

## Brief
Company name field in the certificate configuration.

## Problem Description
Tata Motors will be demerged into 4 different companies, but they will use the same R&R platform for all 4 companies. They have a requirement wherein the certificate configuration should include an option to add the receiver's Company name, along with other data sets that we can add.

## Solution Given
We will have to check the feasibility of including the receiver's Company name along with other data in the certificate with Tech.

Before that, we have a few follow-up questions:
Has the client agreed to pass the Entity information? Under 'Company name', we can only have one entry; the receiver's company name(post demerger) will have to be stored in either 'Entity' or 'Additional Info' fields.
Have they finalized the award workflow? Will cross-entity recognitions be allowed?
What other data set might be expected to be displayed on the certificate?

This is done.

Next steps:
The required employee data must first be collected from the client and stored in the employee_details table in our database.
A ticket should be raised for the TechOps team to map the relevant field in the backend to make it available for certificate configuration.
Once mapped, admins can use these dynamic fields while designing certificate templates from the admin dashboard.
Note: Only fields configured by TechOps will appear in the certificate setup panel in addition to the existing default fields. This enhancement currently supports dynamic fields only for recipient-side information (e.g., receiver’s entity, receiver’s designation).

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 0
- **Billing:** na
- **Subscription Cost:** 0
- **Rewards Budget:** 0
- **Feature:** o
- **VC SPOC:** Ankit Mehta, Nashreen
