---
form_id: "SF-137"
submitted_at: "2025-09-25"
submitted_by: "Abhisek Sharma"
email: "abhisek.sharma@vantagecircle.com"
client: "GMR Group"
status: "To Product Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
department: "R&R Sales"
priority: "1"
go_live_requirement: "No"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-09-25"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #137 - GMR Group
**Date:** 2025-09-25  |  **Status:** To Product Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 142137 GMR Group Queries

## Brief
Our client has queries on redemption workflows and end user experience.

## Problem Description
The client has shared the below queries-

1. They want to have an option where our platform can provide the top recommended gift cards or merchandise when an end user goes to the redemption page for a personalised experience.
2. They want to explore the possibility of employees transferring their points internally with each other to encourage peer gifting scenarios for certain occasions where an end user wants to gift but does not have the nomination rights.
3. Possibility of integrating with their Payroll to manage the taxations for the Redemption by end users.

## Solution Given
1. They want to have an option where our platform can provide the top recommended gift cards or merchandise when an end user goes to the redemption page for a personalised experience. We currently display promotional banners showcasing recommended gift cards to all users. While these banners are not personalized, they highlight top-performing gift cards based on overall performance. Additionally, the gift card listing is refreshed on a monthly basis to feature updated and promoted gift card options.

INTERNAL NOTE: These recommendations are based on Vantage Circle's profit margins.

2. They want to explore the possibility of employees transferring their points internally with each other to encourage peer gifting scenarios for certain occasions where an end user wants to gift but does not have the nomination rights. @Product Vantagecircle is working on Peer-to-peer point transfer functionality. @Armaan Siddique could you please share the estimated timelines or roadmap for this feature?

3. Possibility of integrating with their Payroll to manage the taxations for the Redemption by end users. We currently do not support direct integration with payroll systems. However, we offer standard reports that HR teams can use to extract redemption data. These reports can be processed internally to handle taxation requirements effectively.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 5000+
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 1000000
- **Rewards Budget:** 1 Cr.
- **Feature:** Workflows
- **VC SPOC:** Abhisek Sharma
