---
form_id: "SF-125"
submitted_at: "2025-09-11"
submitted_by: "Debraj Gogoi"
email: "debraj.gogoi@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Vitesco Technologies"
feature_name: "Automated quota adjustment"
status: "To Product Closed"
complexity: "High complexity"
solution_spoc: "Nilimpa"
vc_spoc: "Debraj Gogoi"
department: "CX"
priority: "High as a lot of manual task and internal stakeholders are involved while making quota adjustments"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-10-12"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #125 - Vitesco Technologies
**Date:** 2025-09-11  |  **Status:** To Product Closed  |  **Complexity:** High complexity

## Subject
Solutions requests 132125::Proposal to Automate Annual Quota Adjustments for Limelight Award Based on Team Size Changes

## Brief
Vitesco Technologies has recently implemented the quota functionality for their sole Spot award, the Limelight Award. The client prefers the quota to be allocated annually, with RMs receiving 50% of their team size as their quota. For example, if Anurup being an RM manages a team of 20, he gets a quota of 10 per year. However, since team sizes can fluctuate in the middle of the year, quota adjustments are often required. This currently involves significant manual effort and is time-consuming. I was wondering if there’s a way to automate this process. Please explore the possibility and confirm.

## Problem Description
Vitesco Technologies has recently implemented the quota functionality for their sole Spot award, the Limelight Award. The client prefers the quota to be allocated annually, with RMs receiving 50% of their team size as their quota. For example, if Anurup being an RM manages a team of 20, he gets a quota of 10 per year. However, since team sizes can fluctuate in the middle of the year, quota adjustments are often required. This currently involves significant manual effort and is time-consuming. I was wondering if there’s a way to automate this process. Please explore the possibility and confirm.

## Solution Given
As per our analysis this is a product enhancement so it is forwarded to the recognition team for further actions.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 1063
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 25 pupm
- **Rewards Budget:** 200000
- **Feature:** Automated quota adjustment
- **VC SPOC:** Debraj Gogoi
