---
form_id: "SF-202"
submitted_at: "2026-02-17"
submitted_by: "Prachurjya Das"
email: "prachurjya.das@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Kotak Mahindra Bank"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
department: "PACE"
priority: "NA"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: ""
dev_sprint: ""
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #202 - Kotak Mahindra Bank
**Date:** 2026-02-17  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 206202 Email reminders

## Brief
Kotak - Automated reminder emails to be sent to managers and employees for unused budget and reward points

## Problem Description
Hi team,

We need to send out automated reminder emails to all managers to use any remaining budget for Kotak. We also need to send out reminder emails from next week to all employees to redeem reward points, as these are lapsing points.

Requirement :
1) Send reminder emails to all managers (around 60) with the remaining budget to utilise it. These emails should go out 2-3 days before the last working day of February, i.e., 25-26th Feb, and another email on 28th Feb. And post that, we need to send reminder emails every week starting March, to managers with unused budget.
2) Automated reminder emails to be triggered to employees (around 1.5k - 2k) with unused reward points before the end of Feb, i.e, 1 email in Feb and one email every week starting March, as reward points lapse at the end of each month.


Let me know if any further calrifications are required. Thanks.

Regards
Prachurjya

## Solution Given
Our understanding: Kotak Mahindra Bank has a budget/points expiration system. From a utilization perspective, you would like to trigger budget reminder emails to Managers and points reminder emails to employees before the expiry in March.

Solution:
We already have:
A budget reminder email, that is sent every 2nd and 4th Thursday of the month.
A points reminder email, that is sent on every 14th and 28th day of the month, if the user has not spent points in the last 30 days.

We do not recommend increasing this frequency as it may end up spamming the users. However, for a special case like FY ending, and expiring budget/points, we may consider an increase in frequency for points reminder based on the logic (that the user has not redeemed in the last 30 days).

We are yet to receive confirmation on the budget reminder email, post that we will begin the work to temporarily increase the frequency of these emails for March'2026.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** NA
- **Billing:** NA
- **Subscription Cost:** NA
- **Rewards Budget:** NA
- **Feature:** Automated reminder emails
- **VC SPOC:** Ankit Mehta
