---
form_id: "SF-168"
submitted_at: "2025-11-11"
submitted_by: "Abhisek Sharma"
email: "abhisek.sharma@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Accenture"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Medium Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Nilimpa"
department: "R&R Sales"
priority: "1. Need this answered by tomorrow EOD"
go_live_requirement: "No"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-11-11"
dev_sprint: ""
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #168 - Accenture
**Date:** 2025-11-11  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Medium Complexity

## Subject
Solutions request 171168::Review Comments on Onboarding Requirements for Accenture.

## Brief
Client has shared their specific requirements and have asked our capabilities of the platform around the same.

## Problem Description
The client has shared requirements which are more focused towards onboarding of employees. Request you to review it and provide the best possible capabilities we have on them. You can clearly state if we do or do not. Additionally, if a workaround is available please update that accordingly.

## Solution Given
We’ve reviewed it and added our comments directly in the file attached in optional field.It appears that several of the requirements are primarily focused on employee onboarding, which falls outside the scope of our platform we specifically focus on Rewards & Recognition. While onboarding services aren’t something we handle directly, we’ve tried our best to suggest possible approaches and workarounds to accommodate your needs wherever feasible.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 10000+
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** NA
- **Rewards Budget:** 10 Cr. +
- **Feature:** Onboarding Capabilities
- **VC SPOC:** Abhisek Sharma
