---
form_id: "SF-227"
submitted_at: "2026-03-27"
submitted_by: "Ankit Mehta"
email: "ankit.mehta@vantagecircle.com"
client: "tata motors"
feature_name: "1"
status: "To Product Closed"
complexity: "High Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Ankit Mehta"
department: "PACE"
priority: "NA"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2026-04-17"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #227 - tata motors
**Date:** 2026-03-27  |  **Status:** To Product Closed  |  **Complexity:** High Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 231227 Tata Motors Dual Budget Display

## Brief
need to display multiple wallet view for Tata Motors

## Problem Description
senior leaders in Tata motors have 2 budget wallets however currently we can only show 1 wallet in the front end so there's a requirement to showcase mulitiple wallet in front end. 

Also, to achieve the multiple wallet configuration we have right now configured dummy users. This is a stop gap arrangement & not a long term solution. Request you to look into this.

## Solution Given
Our understanding: Senior leaders at TML have two budgets, with the second budget currently managed through a dummy account. At present, users can only view the summary of their primary budget in their profile. They would like the secondary budget to also be visible on the platform.
Solution: We will discuss this with the tech team and explore feasible options. We will keep you updated on the next steps.
Meanwhile, could you elaborate if this other budget is specific to certain departments, or if these senior leaders each have their own secondary budget?


We connected with Tech on this, and the team confirmed that this will need an architectural change in how we handle budget. Hence, this request has been passed on to @Product Vantagecircle.

@Armaan Siddique is evaluating the scenarios we presented based on requirements from Tata and BOSCH.

FYI @Nayan Bhuyan.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 1
- **Billing:** 1
- **Subscription Cost:** 1
- **Rewards Budget:** 1
- **Feature:** 1
- **VC SPOC:** Ankit Mehta
