---
form_id: "SF-119"
submitted_at: "2025-09-01"
submitted_by: "Priyakshi Hazarika"
email: "priyakshi.hazarika@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Amdocs"
feature_name: "NA"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Nitika"
department: "PACE"
priority: "URGENT - high priority as points will be released on 3rd sept."
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-09-17"
dev_sprint: "Deployed"
ticket: "Link"
---

# Solution Request #119 - Amdocs
**Date:** 2025-09-01  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Solution request 126119 Amdocs Festive Pop-up

## Brief
Client ask - is there an animation/slide of Happy Holidays that we can display to employees when they log in to the site throughout the month of September?

## Problem Description
In September, Amdocs team will be celebrating the Jewish New Year in Israel. 

As every year, they grant employees a holiday gift through a gift.

 This year, they are allocating 200 points on the platform to all Amdocs Israel employees, to be granted on September 3rd, 2025.

So the client wants us to check if there is an animation/slide of Happy Holidays that they can display to employees when they log in to the site throughout the month of September?

## Solution Given
Understanding: The client would like to display an animation or slide showing "Happy Holidays" to users in Israel throughout the month of September, in celebration of the Jewish New Year.

Proposed Solution: We’ve confirmed with the Tech team that we can display an existing pop-up animation saying "Happy New Year" to users in Israel. This animation will appear only upon the user's first login after it is enabled.

Next Steps: Once confirmed, we will raise a ticket.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 26287
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** NA
- **Rewards Budget:** NA
- **Feature:** NA
- **VC SPOC:** Nitika
