---
form_id: "SF-028"
submitted_at: "2025-05-13"
submitted_by: "Abhisek Sharma"
email: "abhisek.sharma@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Godrej Capital"
feature_name: "Workflow"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Hemanga"
vc_spoc: "Abhisek Sharma"
department: "R&R Sales"
priority: "1
They are on advanced stages of discussion and this is part of process before MSA execution."
go_live_requirement: "No"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-05-13"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #28 - Godrej Capital
**Date:** 2025-05-13  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Solution_Request_3428_Godrej Capital

## Brief
Client has shared some queries on the possibility of some of the workflows as detailed below

## Problem Description
1. Can we define rules for shortlisting of nominations? I can share the guidelines for a good nomination to be included while shortlisting. Currently, the process of shortlisting from 2000 to 100 nominations is manual which we want to automate.- 
2. Wall of Fame for previous nominations / winners/ pictures (Branch HRBPs should be allowed access)
Can it be used for live streaming of awards function?
3. WhatsApp integration available?
4. Mobile app available?
5. Can it be used by vendors (channel partners, IT service providers) for nominations- employees/ partners sitting outside of the organisation network?
6. Is the E-sign feature available for authorized signatories- CTO, CHRO, etc. ?
7. Are the award certificates template customizable? What all can be customized? Can an employee customize or is it only the admin?
8. Can the platform be used for Anniversaries / Birthdays / travelogues?

## Solution Given
#2. Live Streaming of Award Functions
The platform doesn’t support live streaming natively from the leaderboard or Wall of Fame, as these are meant to display awards and badges post-recognition.
However, the Announcement section can be used to share external live stream links (e.g., Zoom, Teams, YouTube Live) so employees can join the event from within the platform. This provides a simple workaround for real-time participation while keeping the platform structure intact.
#6. E-Signature Support for Certificates
While we don’t have native e-signature integrations (e.g., DocuSign), the platform does support uploading certificate templates that are pre-signed by leadership (e.g., CTO/CHRO).
Additionally, certificates can be customized via the admin dashboard — but only by users with the appropriate role permissions. Available customizable fields include:
Reward Name
Reward Image
Awardee Name
Recognition Message
Awarded By / Approved By / Nominated By
Award Value
Issue Date
Certificate Message
Award Points
City.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 1500
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 400000
- **Rewards Budget:** 10000000
- **Feature:** Workflow
- **VC SPOC:** Abhisek Sharma
