---
form_id: "SF-170"
submitted_at: "2025-11-13"
submitted_by: "Kunal Maheshwari"
email: "kunal.maheshwari@vantagecircle.com"
client: "TCS NA"
feature_name: "Amazon US GC fulfillment by TCS"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Medium Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Kunal Maheshwari"
department: "R&R Sales"
priority: "P1 - URGENT"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: ""
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #170 - TCS NA
**Date:** 2025-11-13  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Medium Complexity

## Subject
TCS NA - GCs Discussion

## Brief
Fulfilling Amazon GCs for TCS US employees

## Problem Description
TCS users can convert their Gems points on their portal for 3 options - amazon US GC, Vantage Card (to use on our platform) or Next Jump.
Amazon US GC has the highest % share - around 80%. For this TCS employees run a manual process by collecting the orders, processing them over 1-2 weeks and reverting to each user with their amazon GC details.

Idea is if we can get all these orders to VC meaning getting list of orders, procuring, processing and sending the GC details to their users.
All this happens without TCS users using the VC platform. For anyone converting their points to Vantage Card, it should be same as current.

We need an automated solution to procure, process, send the details to avoid any manual errors. Number of transactions per day could be anywhere between 50-500 so manual solution would be very taxing and error prone.

## Solution Given
Hi @Kunal Maheshwari,

As we assess the feasibility of automation  for Amazon Gift Card fulfillment, I just wanted to confirm a few points for alignment:
Has the client expressed any concerns around removing Amazon Gift Cards from the Gems portal and moving to Vantage Circle as the sole redemption platform?
Based on the brief, my understanding is that users currently see only two options: Amazon Gift Cards and Vantage Circle. Could you please confirm if any other gift cards or redemption options are available in the Gems portal?
While this may have already been covered, I’d like to understand the client’s perspective as it will help us identify the most optimal approach moving forward.

This will be handled manually by PINKU for now.

## Remarks
To be handled manually by PINKU

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 60000
- **Billing:** US
- **Subscription Cost:** -
- **Rewards Budget:** USD 3 million
- **Feature:** Amazon US GC fulfillment by TCS
- **VC SPOC:** Kunal Maheshwari
