---
form_id: "SF-230"
submitted_at: "2026-03-31"
submitted_by: "Kongkana Bayan"
email: "kongkana.bayan@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Tejas Networks Limited"
feature_name: "To Do List, Add Image, Menu section"
status: "Unknown"
complexity: "Not Set"
solution_spoc: "Kongkana"
vc_spoc: "Riki Chetia, Kaushik Bhuyan"
department: "CX"
priority: "This is an upsell client form Redemption to Recognition and wants to go live as soon as possible."
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: ""
dev_sprint: ""
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #230 - Tejas Networks Limited
**Date:** 2026-03-31  |  **Status:** Unknown  |  **Complexity:** Not Set

## Subject
234230 : Solution Request : Tejas Networks <> Requirements

## Brief
1. The To-Do List for the Approvers should reflect the count of pending tasks 
2. When we add any image in the "Add image" section, the approver is unable to view the image. Can a download button be added similar to Business Justification so that the approver can review the image that has been added by the nominator.
3. When a user clicks on the bell notification the menu in the header section changes to Gift Cards, Milestone, Merchandise and Order History. Can this be changed to the home menu?

## Problem Description
1. The Approvers are mostly from the leadership team, Hence to keep a track of the pending items a count of pending tasks should be reflected in the To-Do List
2. If the nominator adds something that is proof of work or any other image and it will show up at the org level feed which might not sit well. Since we have a approver to review the nomination, the approver should have the visibility of the image that has been added
3. The change in the header section of the menu should be placed in the cart or wallet section instead of the bell notifications

## Solution Given
1. Alternate Solution : Enable reminder email notifications to the approvers. If the nomination remains pending, reminder emails can be scheduled based on the client’s configuration. This can also be communicated as a better way of letting the users with approval rights know they have pending nominations to take action on at regular interval, the emails helps bringing the user to the platform and hence have better conversation ratio in terms of inducing the approvals. 
2. In Development stage
3. Subheader removed from Bell Notification

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 2300 approx
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 27600 per month
- **Rewards Budget:** Not shared
- **Feature:** To Do List, Add Image, Menu section
- **VC SPOC:** Riki Chetia, Kaushik Bhuyan
