---
form_id: "SF-112"
submitted_at: "2025-08-21"
submitted_by: "Acme 18"
email: "acme18@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Harrow Green Limited"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
department: "Implementation"
priority: "Midium"
go_live_requirement: "No"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-09-22"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #112 - Harrow Green Limited
**Date:** 2025-08-21  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Request to activate same users in two different platforms | Harrow Green/Restore

## Brief
The RnR team of Restrore Datashred and their parent company Harrow Green is same. Since e are now implementing the platform Harrow Green, the same team has requested access in both platforms with common email domains.

## Problem Description
The implementation or the HR team members of both Harrow Green and Restore Datashred is same since Harrow Green is the parent company of Restore. A few members of the client team have requested access to both platforms.

Two of the users that are requesting the user access are

hush.akhtar@restore.co.uk
miriam.bradley@restore.co.uk

Could you please confirm if it is technically feasible to provide these users with access to both platforms? If so, kindly also validate whether there are any security concerns associated with this setup.

## Solution Given
We discussed this internally, and our system does not support onboarding the same user across multiple instances.
A feasible solution would be for the client to create an additional account for such users within their HRMS. 
For example, if the parent company uses the domain @harrowgreen.co.uk, users requiring access to both platforms can be onboarded as separate individuals using unique email addresses, such as:
hush.akhtar@harrowgreen.co.uk
miriam.bradley@harrowgreen.co.uk
This approach ensures that each account is treated as a distinct user, enabling access to both instances without any conflicts.
Please note that once an account is created, users will have full access to all standard functionalities, including (but not limited to) appreciate, like, comment, redeem, and more.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 330
- **Billing:** UK
- **Subscription Cost:** 1 GBP PEPM
- **Rewards Budget:** NA
- **Feature:** Granting user access to two platforms
- **VC SPOC:** Kadambini Sarma
