---
form_id: "SF-083"
submitted_at: "2025-07-30"
submitted_by: "Debraj Gogoi"
email: "debraj.gogoi@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Addverb Technologies Limited"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Medium Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
department: "CX"
priority: "My client, Addverb Technologies, has mentioned that their assigned nominators are not submitting nominations as frequently as expected. To help improve the nomination rate, the client is requesting two features:
An automated email reminder (nudge) sent from the system to prompt nominators to submit nominations. Please note the client follows a No Budget Concept.
The ability to edit the attachment included in a submitted nomination. This request stems from the fact that the client requires certain mandatory attachments to be included with every nomination. However, they’ve noticed that nominators often upload incorrect files. When such nominations are declined and nominators are asked to resubmit, they usually don't take any further action—leading to missed nominations."
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-07-31"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #83 - Addverb Technologies Limited
**Date:** 2025-07-30  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Medium Complexity

## Subject
Solution Request 8983 Addverb Technologies

## Brief
My client, Addverb Technologies, has mentioned that their assigned nominators are not submitting nominations as frequently as expected. To help improve the nomination rate, the client is requesting two features:

1. An automated email reminder (nudge) sent from the system to prompt nominators to submit nominations. Please note the client follows a No Budget Concept.

## Problem Description
My client, Addverb Technologies, has mentioned that their assigned nominators are not submitting nominations as frequently as expected. To help improve the nomination rate, the client is requesting two features:

An automated email reminder (nudge) sent from the system to prompt nominators to submit nominations. Please note the client follows a No Budget Concept.

The ability to edit the attachment included in a submitted nomination. This request stems from the fact that the client requires certain mandatory attachments to be included with every nomination. However, they’ve noticed that nominators often upload incorrect files. When such nominations are declined and nominators are asked to resubmit, they usually don't take any further action—leading to missed nominations.

## Solution Given
We got in touch with the @Product Vantagecircle Team for the first query. They are working on a project to enhance platform utilization. Hence, we will pass on this query to them.

@Shasanka Sharma, please evaluate if this use case can be included in the project:

Client wants to send some notifications to nominators to encourage platform and budget usage. Please note that the client in scope here has the 'No budget' concept.

If yes, please share the tentative timelines with the team.

FYI @Nayan Bhuyan.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 500
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 1,80,000 per annum
- **Rewards Budget:** 60000
- **Feature:** Email notification, edit nomination
- **VC SPOC:** Debraj Gogoi
