---
form_id: "SF-005"
submitted_at: "2025-03-25"
submitted_by: "Hemanga Bharadwaj"
email: "hemanga.bharadwaj@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Hershey’s"
feature_name: "Redemption"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Hemanga"
vc_spoc: "-"
department: "R&R Sales"
priority: "P1"
go_live_requirement: "No"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-03-25"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #5 - Hershey’s
**Date:** 2025-03-25  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Hershey’s RFP Question

## Brief
Questions about product features for RFP

## Problem Description
Could you please provide responses to the questions outlined below? We need this information for the Hershey’s RFP we’re currently working on. I realize this is a last-minute request, but it would be really helpful if you could share your responses by the end of the day Tuesday.
Once Swiftly is onboarded, will the experiences in the catalog be refreshed on a regular basis (e.g., annually)?
Could you please confirm if the Reward Store (offering audiobooks, eBooks, etc.) is live for the North America market? We’ve only seen it available on the demo site so far. If it is relevant, could you also let me know how frequently the content in the Reward Store is refreshed?

## Solution Given
Hi Prashansa,

Switchfly is a dynamic catalog populated in the real time the offering is in lines with what major players like Expedia and Viator has to offer. 

Reward the world has multiple categories available in different geo's below is a list which includes the details. 

Audio Books - All Countries
eBooks - All Countries
eMagazine - All Countries
Mobile Top-Up - All Countries
Movies - All Countries
Software - All Countries
Travel - All Countries
Games - United States, Greece, Netherlands, Belgium, France, Spain, Italy, Switzerland, Austria, United Kingdom, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Germany, Portugal, Luxembourg, Ireland, Iceland, Malta, Cyprus, Finland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Monaco, Slovenia, Slovakia, Liechtenstein
Music - United States, United Kingdom, Canada
Gift Cards - United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand


Please note for both these integrations we redirect the user to the partner's platform and hence the catalogs are always real time and latest. 

Hope this helps.

Warm Regards,
Hemanga

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 10000
- **Subscription Cost:** 0
- **Rewards Budget:** 0
- **Feature:** Redemption
- **VC SPOC:** -
