---
form_id: "SF-025"
submitted_at: "2025-05-09"
submitted_by: "Abhisek Sharma"
email: "abhisek.sharma@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Reliance Industries"
feature_name: "NA"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Low Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Garima"
vc_spoc: "Abhisek Sharma"
department: "R&R Sales"
priority: "Priority 2"
go_live_requirement: "No"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-05-09"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #25 - Reliance Industries
**Date:** 2025-05-09  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Low Complexity

## Subject
Client Queries

## Brief
Manager Leaderboard:
They would like a dedicated leaderboard showcasing manager-level activities, specifically highlighting which managers have given the most recognition which should be visible by HRs.
Profile Badge Logic:
They’re looking to implement logic for profile badges based on an organization-wide average. The idea is to award badges to users based on the number of recognitions they’ve received relative to this average.

## Problem Description
Same as above

## Solution Given
The information is accessible on the Dashboard in two sections: Overview, which highlights the top 5 awarding managers (based on both monetary and non-monetary recognitions), and Insights, which lists all managers ranked by their recognition activity. In the Insights section, data can be sorted by the number of recognitions or total award points. Screens are attached for reference.

Badges are assigned quarterly to the top 10% of users in each category, based on engagement. This ensures a fair, consistent, and scalable system across all users and organizations.

At this stage, the badge logic remains standardized to support a seamless experience. However, the @Product Vantagecircle Team would like to keep the clients informed and collect early feedback when they start working in that direction.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 10000
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 1500000
- **Rewards Budget:** 20000000
- **Feature:** NA
- **VC SPOC:** Abhisek Sharma
