---
form_id: "SF-278"
submitted_at: "2026-07-01"
submitted_by: "Priyakshi Hazarika"
email: "priyakshi.hazarika@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Wipro"
feature_name: "SSO login"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Not Set"
solution_spoc: ""
vc_spoc: "Priyakshi, Nitika"
department: ""
priority: "Priority - high priority

The client expects employees to lose access to the platform immediately after SSO deactivation. The current behavior allows continued access through existing sessions and password-based login until deactivation is processed in Vantage, leading to client concerns. A feasible solution is required to meet the client's security expectations and prevent similar issues."
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: ""
dev_sprint: ""
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #278 - Wipro
**Date:** 2026-07-01  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Not Set

## Brief
Wipro-web redemptions after LWD

## Problem Description
The client reported that employees were able to redeem rewards even after being deactivated on Wipro's end. Initial analysis showed that most redemptions occurred before the deregistration requests were received and processed in the Vantage platform. 

The client reported that employees were able to redeem rewards even after being deactivated on Wipro's end. Initial analysis showed that most redemptions occurred before the deregistration requests were received and processed in the Vantage platform. To address the data synchronization delay, we have already requested the Wipro team to share employee status updates on a timely basis and have increased the employee data sync frequency to twice a day.

However, since Wipro uses SSO authentication, the expectation is that users whose accounts are deactivated in the wipro side should not be able to access the platform, irrespective of their active status in Vantage. QA analysis confirmed that while new SSO logins are blocked after deactivation, existing sessions remain active and password-based login continues to work until the user is deactivated in the Vantage platform.

To address the client's concern, my request is to kindly check the feasibility of disabling password-based login for Wipro users and enforcing SSO-only authentication. This would ensure that deactivated users cannot access the platform through an alternate login mechanism while their account is still awaiting deactivation in Vantage. Additionally, please evaluate if there are any other feasible approaches to immediately restrict access after SSO deactivation. Also, i would like to know the session time for web logins.

JIRA ticket for reference : https://vantagecirclejira.atlassian.net/browse/VC-16286

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 229386
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 220000 per month
- **Rewards Budget:** --
- **Feature:** SSO login
- **VC SPOC:** Priyakshi, Nitika
