---
form_id: "SF-239"
submitted_at: "2026-04-23"
submitted_by: "Debraj Gogoi"
email: "debraj.gogoi@vantagecircle.com"
client: "ITC Hotels"
status: "Solution Given Closed"
complexity: "Medium"
solution_spoc: "Kongkana"
department: "CX"
priority: "Medium"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: "2026-04-29"
closed_on: "2026-04-29"
dev_sprint: ""
ticket: "https://vantagecirclejira.atlassian.net/browse/VC-15858"
---

# Solution Request #239 - ITC Hotels
**Date:** 2026-04-23  |  **Status:** Solution Given Closed  |  **Complexity:** Medium

## Subject
Improving Nomination Clarity with Mandatory Citation Length - ITC Hotels

## Brief
The client, ITC Hotels, has requested a new enhancement to enforce a minimum of 50 characters in the citation message. This requirement is intended to address the current trend of nominators submitting brief phrases such as “good job” or “excellent work,” which lack sufficient detail. As a result, the POC faces challenges in presenting meaningful reports to the leadership team with proper justification for each nomination. Due to the high volume of nominations, nominators are often unable to adequately justify a submission when asked about it a few months later. Please check the feasibility and let us know.

## Problem Description
The client, ITC Hotels, has requested a new enhancement to enforce a minimum of 50 characters in the citation message. This requirement is intended to address the current trend of nominators submitting brief phrases such as “good job” or “excellent work,” which lack sufficient detail. As a result, the POC faces challenges in presenting meaningful reports to the leadership team with proper justification for each nomination. Due to the high volume of nominations, nominators are often unable to adequately justify a submission when asked about it a few months later. Please check the feasibility and let us know.

## Solution Given
Implementing a minimum character validation would require product-level customization, which may not align well with broader platform considerations across clients.
We propose updating the placeholder text to the following:
“Please add a recognition message of at least 50 characters. This will also appear on the feed if shared.”
Also, Recognition Guide has been suggested to be enabled

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 7500
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 1125000
- **Rewards Budget:** 1000000
- **Feature:** Mandatory Citation Length
- **VC SPOC:** Debraj Gogoi
