---
form_id: "SF-036"
submitted_at: "2025-05-23"
submitted_by: "Ankit Mehta"
email: "ankit.mehta@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Bosch BGSW"
status: "To Product Closed"
complexity: "High Complexity"
solution_spoc: "Team"
department: "PACE"
priority: "Both are priority item"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2025-07-09"
dev_sprint: "No Action"
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #36 - Bosch BGSW
**Date:** 2025-05-23  |  **Status:** To Product Closed  |  **Complexity:** High Complexity

## Subject
Budget Holder  Access Enhancement

## Brief
1) Sabbatical use case for Milestone(Points, SYB)
2) View for Manager with double budget

## Problem Description
1) Employees who take Sa abbatical shouldn't receive the Milestone benefits  (This has already been worked upon, extended call with clients already conducted- Gyan is in sync for working out a solution- however, they have asked to drive it through SOlutioning & Product team) - Will share emailer with Solutioning team
2) Many managers(around 250) at Bosch have 2 department budgets as they are leading different departments, however in the platform view it only shows one department budget. Also, the deduction happens from the 1st Department budget. Client wants both Department Budgets to be shown & an option to select the department budget from which they want deduction to happen.

## Solution Given
We understand that they are currently facing the following issues:
Individuals with access to multiple department budgets can only view the primary budget assigned to them. (Not possible in the current UI)

The award value for a nominee from Department A is being deducted from Department B’s budget. (Since they can not select budget at the time of awarding)

Budget Holders want to use leftover funds from Department A to recognize nominees from other departments. (Department budget to be used as common budget)

To solve this issue, it would be helpful to understand:
Rationale behind having a department-wise budget. 
Current billing system.
What is the actual need WRT the budget? This customization was done at the time of implementation, and our system has evolved since.

As per our discussion today, please schedule a meeting with the cli

## Remarks
Was passed on to product after the client call on 9th July

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 27000
- **Billing:** na
- **Subscription Cost:** 0
- **Rewards Budget:** 0
- **Feature:** na
- **VC SPOC:** Ankit Mehta
