---
form_id: "SF-208"
submitted_at: "2026-02-24"
submitted_by: "Debraj Gogoi"
email: "debraj.gogoi@vantagecircle.com"
client: "Celebal Technologies"
feature_name: "Email template link"
status: "To Product Closed"
complexity: "Not Set"
solution_spoc: "Pankaj"
vc_spoc: "Debraj Gogoi"
department: "CX"
priority: "Medium"
go_live_requirement: "Ongoing client"
go_live_date: ""
closed_on: "2026-02-24"
dev_sprint: ""
ticket: ""
---

# Solution Request #208 - Celebal Technologies
**Date:** 2026-02-24  |  **Status:** To Product Closed  |  **Complexity:** Not Set

## Subject
Feasibility Check – Reordering “View Post” Links to Prioritise MS Teams Integration

## Brief
We have received a new requirement from Celebal Technologies. The automated email sent to award recipients currently includes links to view the post either on the web or via MS Teams.
Since the client has recently integrated MS Teams, they would like to drive higher adoption through that channel. Accordingly, they have requested that the “View Post on MS Teams” option be positioned before the standard “View Post” (web) link in the email. The objective is to establish MS Teams as the primary mode of accessing portal activities. Kindly assess the feasibility of this change and let us know whether this requirement can be accommodated.

## Problem Description
We have received a new requirement from Celebal Technologies. The automated email sent to award recipients currently includes links to view the post either on the web or via MS Teams.
Since the client has recently integrated MS Teams, they would like to drive higher adoption through that channel. Accordingly, they have requested that the “View Post on MS Teams” option be positioned before the standard “View Post” (web) link in the email. The objective is to establish MS Teams as the primary mode of accessing portal activities. Kindly assess the feasibility of this change and let us know whether this requirement can be accommodated.

## Solution Given
The request will not be feasible as of now as the award received email format is standard across all clients.
However,  there is a product feature in the roadmap to incorporate the award received email in the DIY email customisation module in the Admin Dashboard. Once, this feature is live then customisations in the award received email will be possible from the Admin Dashboard.

## Commercial Details
- **Employee Size:** 2300
- **Billing:** India
- **Subscription Cost:** 35000
- **Rewards Budget:** 900000
- **Feature:** Email template link
- **VC SPOC:** Debraj Gogoi
